[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So
the bottom line takeaway is,
you can use promises natively, or you can
use any library that you're happy with.
I think Asyncuence does a pretty good job
of making it easy to deal with promises
without all of the complexity,
but feel free to use it or not.
So, finishing up.
What is callback hell?
What is it really?
>> Speaker 1: Giving over control of
your program.
>> Kyle Simpson: Exactly.
It's inversion of control.
It's handing your control of the rest of
your program over some other utility and
all of the trust that that involves.
And all the problems it can introduce.
The lack of error handling.
The lack of retries the lack of knowing
if it's going to do it too many times or
not enough for the whole thing.
How do you pause a generator?
What was the mechanism we used for
pausing a generator?
>> Speaker 1: Yield?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yield and
how do you resume it?
>> Speaker 1: Next
>> Kyle Simpson: Next one considering.
What is a promise?
>> Speaker 2: Something that will
eventually either be rejected or accepted?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah.
It's a future value is
what it's usually called.
It's a promise for a future value.
It's a continuation of them.
It's a transaction at Burger King, however
you want to think about it metaphorically.
And how does it solve
the inversion of control
issues?
>> Speaker 2: Give you back the ability to
decide when you're code's gonna be run,
or your continuation's gonna be run.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's right.
Instead of passing my continuation in,
I receive a promise back.
So it uninverts that inversion of control.
And it puts me back in control of
deciding what step two looks like.
Finally, how is it that we could, what
was the key characteristic that allowed
us to combine generators and
promises for async flow control?
Remember the generators
yielding out promises.
And the promise, when it completes,
automatically restarting the generator.
So, the key characteristic was call
a generator, have it yield out a promise,
and when that promise finishes have
the promise restart the generator.
And most of the async
flow libraries out there,
including asyncquence have a utility for
that.
Some of them call it spawn.
Mine is called runner.
But it automatically listens for
yielded out promises and
it restarts the generator
when they complete.